README.md, before:

## GSAP Demo 🎨

This project is a playground for experimenting with [GSAP (GreenSock Animation Platform)](https://greensock.com/gsap/) in a modern React + TypeScript app using Vite. It was created as part of my 10% innovation time to explore animation techniques.

### What is this?

GSAP is a JavaScript animation library used for high-performance and complex UI animations. This playground demonstrates how to integrate GSAP with React and provides interactive examples of different animation concepts.

### Areas covered

- **Basic Animation**: Simple element transitions and effects
- **Timeline**: Sequencing multiple animations
- **ScrollTrigger**: Animations triggered by scroll position
- **Stagger**: Animating multiple elements with delays
- **Easing**: Customizing animation curves
- **SVG Animation**: Animating SVG graphics
- **Text Animation**: Animating text appearance and effects
- **Draggable**: Making elements draggable (with GSAP plugin)
- **Motion Path**: Animating along custom paths

### To run locally

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm run dev
```

Commit message:

feat: add Node.js version requirement to README

README.md, after:

## GSAP Demo 🎨

This project is a playground for experimenting with [GSAP (GreenSock Animation Platform)](https://greensock.com/gsap/) in a modern React + TypeScript app using Vite. It was created as part of my 10% innovation time to explore animation techniques.

### What is this?

GSAP is a JavaScript animation library used for high-performance and complex UI animations. This playground demonstrates how to integrate GSAP with React and provides interactive examples of different animation concepts.

### Areas covered

- **Basic Animation**: Simple element transitions and effects
- **Timeline**: Sequencing multiple animations
- **ScrollTrigger**: Animations triggered by scroll position
- **Stagger**: Animating multiple elements with delays
- **Easing**: Customizing animation curves
- **SVG Animation**: Animating SVG graphics
- **Text Animation**: Animating text appearance and effects
- **Draggable**: Making elements draggable (with GSAP plugin)
- **Motion Path**: Animating along custom paths

### Requirements

- **Node.js v20 or higher is required**. The project will not run on earlier versions.

### To run locally

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm run dev
```
